# quantum_walks_review
(In progress) Literature survey of QW


Reviews:
* K. Kadian, S. Garhwal, and A. Kumar, Quantum walk and its application domains:  A systematic review, Computer Science Review41, 100419 (2021).
* M. Grafe and A. Szameit, Integrated photonic quantum walks, Journal of Physics B: Atomic, Molecular and Optical Physics53, 073001 (2020).
* J.  Wu,  W.-W.  Zhang,  and  B.  C.  Sanders,  Topological quantum walks:  Theory  and experiments, Front. Phys.14, 61301 (2019).
* M. Grafe,  R. Heilmann,  M. Lebugle,  D. Guzman-Silva,A.  Perez-Leija,  and  A.  Szameit,  Integrated  photonic quantum walks, Journal of Optics18, 103002 (2016).
* T. Kitagawa, Topological phenomena in quantum walks: elementary  introduction  to  the  physics  of  topological phases, Quantum Inf. Process.11, 1107 (2012).
* V.  M.  Kendon,  A  random  walk  approach  to  quantum algorithms, Philos. Trans. Royal Soc. A364, 3407 (2006).
* A. Ambainis, Quantum walks and their algorithmic applications,  International  Journal  of  Quantum  Information 1, 507 (2003).
* J.  Kempe,  Quantum  random  walks:   an  introductory overview, Contemporary Physics44, 307 (2003).



(Still need to update with many works)



QW With jumps:
* Naves, Caio B., Marcelo A. Pires, Diogo O. Soares-Pinto, and Sílvio M. Duarte Queirós. "Enhancing entanglement with the generalized elephant quantum walk from localized and delocalized states." arXiv preprint arXiv:2203.17046 (2022).
* Zaman, Anwar, Rashid Ahmad, Safia Bibi, and Sajid Khan. "Randomizing Quantum Walk." International Journal of Theoretical Physics 61, no. 5 (2022): 1-10.
* M.A.Pires, G Di Molfetta, S.M.D.Queirós. "Multiple transitions between normal and hyperballistic diffusion in quantum walks with time-dependent jumps." Scientific Reports, 9, 19292 (2019).
* S. Mukhopadhyay and P. Sen."Persistent quantum walks: dynamic phases and diverging timescales." arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.12610 (2019).
* J. Zhao and P. Tong, One-dimensional quantum walks subject to next-nearest-neighbour hopping decoherence,
Quantum Information Processing 14, 2357 (2015).
* G. Di Molfetta, D.O.Soares-Pinto, and S.M.D.Queirós, Elephant quantum walk, Phys. Rev. A 97, 062112 (2018)
* Sen, Parongama. "Scaling and crossover behaviour in a truncated long range quantum walk." arXiv preprint arXiv:1902.09129 (2019).
* Lavička, H., et al. "Quantum walk with jumps." The European Physical Journal D 64.1 (2011): 119.
* P.Sen. "Unusual scaling in a discrete quantum walk with random long range steps." Physica A: Statistical Mechanics and its Applications 514 (2019): 266-273.
* Mülken, Oliver, Volker Pernice, and Alexander Blumen. "Universal behavior of quantum walks with long-range steps." Physical Review E 77.2 (2008): 021117.
* M. O. Cáceres and M. Nizama, The quantum levy walk, Journal of Physics A: Mathematical and Theoretical 43,455306 (2010).
* T. Chattaraj and R. V. Krems, Effects of long-range hopping and interactions on quantum walks in ordered and
disordered lattices, Phys. Rev. A 94, 023601 (2016)



Aperiodic Quantum walks:
* M.A. Pires, S.M.D.Queirós. "Quantum walks with sequential aperiodic jumps." Physical Review E 102.1 (2020): 012104.
* Nguyen, Dan Trung, Daniel A. Nolan, and Nicholas F. Borrelli. "Quantum Walks in Quasi-Periodic Photonics Lattices." Advances in Quantum Communication and Information. IntechOpen, 2019.
* Nguyen, Dan T., Daniel A. Nolan, and Nicholas F. Borrelli. "Localized quantum walks in quasi-periodic Fibonacci arrays of waveguides." Optics express 27.2 (2019): 886-898.
* Wang, Qin-Qin, et al. "Dynamic-disorder-induced enhancement of entanglement in photonic quantum walks." Optica 5.9 (2018): 1136-1140.
* Gullo, N. Lo, et al. "Dynamics and energy spectra of aperiodic discrete-time quantum walks." Physical Review E 96.1 (2017): 012111.
* Buarque, A. R. C., and W. S. Dias. "Aperiodic space-inhomogeneous quantum walks: Localization properties, energy spectra, and enhancement of entanglement." Physical Review E 100.3 (2019): 032106.
* Liu, Ting-Ting, et al. "The entanglement of deterministic aperiodic quantum walks." Chinese Physics B 27.12 (2018): 120305.
* Andrade, R. F. S., and A. M. C. Souza. "Discrete-time quantum walks generated by aperiodic fractal sequence of space coin operators." International Journal of Modern Physics C (2018).
* Romanelli, Alejandro. "The Fibonacci quantum walk and its classical trace map." Physica A: Statistical Mechanics and its Applications 388.18 (2009): 3985-3990.
* Di Molfetta, Giuseppe, et al. "Massless Dirac equation from Fibonacci discrete-time quantum walk." Quantum Studies: Mathematics and Foundations 2.3 (2015): 243-252.
* Ampadu, Clement. "Return Probability of the Fibonacci Quantum Walk." Communications in Theoretical Physics 58.2 (2012): 220.
* Fillman, Jake. "Resolvent Methods for Quantum Walks with an Application to a Thue–Morse Quantum Walk." Interdisciplinary Information Sciences 23.1 (2017): 27-32.
* Ribeiro, Pedro, Perola Milman, and Remy Mosseri. "Aperiodic quantum random walks." Physical review letters 93.19 (2004): 190503.


Parrondo paradox in Quantum walks:
* Pires, Marcelo A., and Sílvio M. Duarte Queirós. "Parrondo's paradox in quantum walks with time-dependent coin operators." Physical Review E 102, no. 4 (2020): 042124.
* J.W.Lai and K.H.Cheong, Parrondo effect in quantumcoin-toss simulations, Phys. Rev. E101, 052212 (2020).
* J.W.Lai and K.H.Cheong, Parrondos  paradox  fromclassical to quantum:  A review, Nonlinear Dynamics , 1(2020).
* M.Jan et al. Exper-imental  realization  of  parrondo's  paradox  in  1d  quantum walks, Advanced Quantum Technologies , 1900127(2020).
* J.Rajendran and C.Benjamin, Playing a true parrondo's game with a three-state coin on a quantum walk, EPL122, 40004 (2018).
* J. Rajendran and C. Benjamin, Implementing parrondosparadox with two-coin quantum walks, R. Soc. open sci5, 171599 (2018).
* M.Li, Y.S.Zhang, and G.-C. Guo, Quantum parrondo'sgames  constructed  by  quantum  random  walks,  Fluct.Noise Lett12, 1350024 (2013).
* A.P.Flitney, Quantum parrondo’s games using quantumwalks, http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2252  (2012)
* C.Chandrashekar and S. Banerjee, Parrondo's game us-ing a discrete-time quantum walk, Physics Letters A375,1553 (2011)
* A.Flitney  and  D.Abbott,  Quantum  models  of  parrondo's games, Physica A324, 152 (2003).
* D.A.Meyer and H.Blumer, Parrondo games as lattice gas automata, J. Statist.Phys107, 225 (2002)
* D.A.Meyer and H.Blumer, Quantum parrondo games:biased and unbiased, Fluct. Noise Lett2, L257 (2002).


Quantum walks with random coin BEFORE 2013
* Ahlbrecht, Andre, et al. "Asymptotic behavior of quantum walks with spatio-temporal coin fluctuations." Quantum Information Processing 11.5 (2012): 1219-1249.
* Ahlbrecht, Andre, Volkher B. Scholz, and Albert H. Werner. "Disordered quantum walks in one lattice dimension." Journal of Mathematical Physics 52.10 (2011): 102201.
* Obuse, Hideaki, and Norio Kawakami. "Topological phases and delocalization of quantum walks in random environments." Physical Review B 84.19 (2011): 195139.
* Ahlbrecht, Andre, et al. "Asymptotic evolution of quantum walks with random coin." Journal of Mathematical Physics 52.4 (2011): 042201.
* Joye, Alain, and Marco Merkli. "Dynamical localization of quantum walks in random environments." Journal of Statistical Physics 140.6 (2010): 1025-1053.
* Joye, Alain. "Random time-dependent quantum walks." Communications in mathematical physics 307.1 (2011): 65.
* Konno, Norio. "Localization of an inhomogeneous discrete-time quantum walk on the line." Quantum Information Processing 9.3 (2010): 405-418.
* Shikano, Yutaka, and Hosho Katsura. "Localization and fractality in inhomogeneous quantum walks with self-duality." Physical Review E 82.3 (2010): 031122.
* Discrete-time QW: Konno, Norio. "One-dimensional discrete-time quantum walks on random environments." Quantum Information Processing 8.5 (2009): 387-399.
* Continuous-time QW: Yin, Yue, D. E. Katsanos, and S. N. Evangelou. "Quantum walks on a random environment." Physical Review A 77.2 (2008): 022302. 
* Pioneer: Ribeiro, Pedro, Perola Milman, and Remy Mosseri. "Aperiodic quantum random walks." Physical review letters 93.19 (2004): 190503.


QW with time-dependent coin 
* Pires, Marcelo A., and Sílvio M. Duarte Queirós. "Negative correlations can play a positive role in disordered quantum walks." Scientific Reports 11, no. 1 (2021): 1-11.
* Romanelli, Alejandro. "Driving quantum-walk spreading with the coin operator." Physical Review A 80.4 (2009): 042332.
* Banuls, M. C., et al. "Quantum walk with a time-dependent coin." Physical Review A 73.6 (2006): 062304.


QW with position-dependent phase acquired by the particle
* Wójcik, Antoni, et al. "Quasiperiodic dynamics of a quantum walk on the line." Physical review letters 93.18 (2004): 180601.
(phase acquired by the particle at the position n)

Applications:
* Casares, Pablo Antonio Moreno, Roberto Campos, and Miguel Angel Martin-Delgado. "QFold: quantum walks and deep learning to solve protein folding." Quantum Science and Technology 7, no. 2 (2022): 025013.
* Sarkar, Anupam, and C. M. Chandrashekar. "Multi-bit quantum random number generation from a single qubit quantum walk." Scientific reports 9.1 (2019): 1-11.
* Montero, Miquel. "Quantum and random walks as universal generators of probability distributions." Physical Review A 95.6 (2017): 062326.
* D. Emms, S. Severini, R. C. Wilson, and E. R. Hancock, Coined quantum walks lift the cospectrality of graphs
and trees, Pattern Recognition 42, 1988 (2009).
* Ambainis, Andris. "Quantum walks and their algorithmic applications." International Journal of Quantum Information 1.04 (2003): 507-518.
* Kollár, Bálint, and Mátyás Koniorczyk. "Entropy rate of message sources driven by quantum walks." Physical Review A 89.2 (2014): 022338.
* Alvir, Rachael, et al. "Perfect state transfer in Laplacian quantum walk." Journal of Algebraic Combinatorics 43.4 (2016): 801-826.
* Kendon, Vivien M., and Christino Tamon. "Perfect state transfer in quantum walks on graphs." Journal of Computational and Theoretical Nanoscience 8.3 (2011): 422-433.
* Kurzyński, Paweł, and Antoni Wójcik. "Discrete-time quantum walk approach to state transfer." Physical Review A 83.6 (2011): 062315.
* Chakraborty, Shantanav, et al. "Spatial search by quantum walk is optimal for almost all graphs." Physical review letters 116.10 (2016): 100501.
